hello guys is right we'll bring you
another review this time we'll be
reviewing the mugen power extended
battery for the HTC sensation these are
3,600 milliamps battery and as you can
see it's really big so let me compare
you with a stock pretty much stock size
batteries that chittock as you can see
over here look at the difference so this
is a 1700 battery and this is a 3600
battery so one of the things that Mugen
provides to us it is a different back
cover you see this is the stock back
cover and this is a new back cover now
from the side you can see that it's been
modified in order to fit the battery a
couple of things about it you lost a
really nice aluminum filling of the
asian sensation and you got a plastic
bag the plastic bag is not that bad at
all because it is actually a smooth and
it is matte so you don't get that many
fingerprints like how we saw on the
Nexus S extended battery from Mugen so
let's go ahead and mount this so you can
see the real size of it in real life so
as you can see we're here I'm putting
the battery you can see that is going to
be a thick phone you put the phone
exactly the same way that's when you put
a regular battery and now you got an
install now as you can see on the side
the phone got bigger the front retains
the same aspect as the regular HTC
Sensation back however that bag has
changed now we see that the camera is
deep inside and the bottom the back of
the case has been raised as you can see
over here now this is all to fit the
battery I have this battery for about
two days and it was rocking still solid
if it delivers yes it definitely
delivers you are sacrificing the looks
of the phone you're sacrificing the back
now the back door of the case contains
the antenna as well so don't worry about
having to migrate anything one of the
things that I didn't like about this
battery was the up and down button they
didn't feel good they don't feel that
good in the top button is not that
responsive that might be because of the
inner
power on the connections I am Not sure
but the buttons could have been done a
better job I I also didn't like much
that the fact that this is plastic
however if it was done by aluminum the
price would have been way more so you
have to let some things go in order to
gain others now this is a case for you
guys that like extended life for me
every time that I got a million product
it's being worked fine however a 3600
battery for me it's too much you can get
right now a 2400 battery that will last
you for the end of the day but again
this battery is great if you're going to
if you're going camping you're going
hiking and you need that extended life I
do believe that this battery delivers
what advertised and it looks way better
than the one that we saw on the Nexus S
and remember the first time when you
charge this battery it should be charged
for 12 hours and then do a couple of
cycles don't don't just jump to
conclusion the first time he needs a
couple cycles as we all know now another
problem that I found over here is to
remove this battery it's really hard I
mean you press it you try to pop it out
and it is just it's really hard and it
was pretty annoying a couple of times
once you get it of course it comes out
but the bottom part it seems that he's
having too little fitting problems right
over here so that can be a little
complicated also a couple of the things
that I saw that I felt this I don't know
if you can hear it I don't know if
you'll be able to see but this side of
the case was kind of popping open and it
was giving me some popping sounds as
well so that's something that I was
really a little disappointed of this
battery it means that there's this
there's an opening in the on the case so
that means there's something acts in the
phone if you can see over here you hear
it so that's what happened with normal
use when you're carrying the K shifts so
sometimes there's this move to the side
and and you get that noise it gets a
little annoying once it start happening
more often check mugen out guys and see
if this fits your needs again this is
Raul bring you another review this time
for the mugen power battery 36 hundred
million
for the HD sensation good luck in your
case hunting